WCAG 2.1 AA standard. 
POUR 
1. perceivable
    High contrast, the normal text should have 4.5 : 1 contrast ratio, and large text should have 3 : 1 contrast ratio
    Reflow, the content should be able to zoom to 400% without horizontal scrolling on the desktop
    resize text, the text should be scroll to 200% without losing content or funcnationalies.

    ALT text, provide text alternative to all the non text content (image, button, icons).
    video caption, provided sychronized caption for all the prerecorded audio content in video.
    
    All audio should have a text transcript.

    If the audio plays for >3 seconds, it must be a way to pause or stop it immediately.
    
2. operable
    Many users dont use mouse, so the all functionalies must be tabbable solely use keyboard.

    Focus visible, the focused element must not be hide by other elements(such as sticky headers).
    The keyboard focus indicator must be visible, and focus blue ring wont be suppress without another alternative.

    Target size, the size must be at least 24px * 24px for a minimum requirement, 44px * 44px for best practice,
    48px * 48px for mobile button.

    Focus trap, if you open a drawer or modal, you must be able to trap the focus within the modal,
    so the users wont tab into the background.
        - how to do that? 
            1. get all the tabable elements, 2. find the first and last element,3. if last element, and 
            users press Tab, then go to first element, if first element, press shift + tab, go to last element,
            4. always listen for the escape to leave the focus trap.

    keyboard shortcuts, if there are custom hotkeys are used for, there are must be a way to disable or remap it.
90ot
    Skip links: For app with heavy side bars, use skip to main contetnt link that is hidden unless it is focused by keyboard.

3. Understandable
    1.Language of page, identify the primary language of HTML code. (<html lang='en'>)

    2.redundant of entry, if the users has already entered their address in step 1, 
    you must not make them type it again, it must be auto populated or selectable.

    3.Accessbible authentication: cannot solely based on cognition function tests 
    (such as remembering a password and solving a puzzle/CAPTCHA)
    For people has memory issues such as ADHD,
    Should support alternative authentication(passkeys, magic links, 2FA vs hardware keys);

    4.error identification, and error suggestions:
    if an input error is made, the item is identified and error is described by text to users.
    If correction for errors are known, provided to users.

    5.Consistent location, for FAQ, help, navigation and chatbot, 
    it should consistently show in relative position across all pages;


4. robustness

