
 
1. avoid string concenation, use interpolation instead
    - translator may not adjust the position of verb, since language like Japanese, 
    it places the verbs at the very end of sentence.
    using interpolation can let translator freely inject and move the variable in the target language format.

2. ICU message format for pluralization.
    without ICU message format, you need a lot of if else to handle plurals, 
    in some languages like polish, it has many ways to describe plurals forms, which makes it more complicate.
    t('Photos_count', ({count: 5}))
    {
        photos_count, {
            count, plural, 
            {
                zero: 'no itemm',
            }, 
            {   one: '# item'},
            {   other:"# items'}
        }

    }
    

3. presudo localization
    using the language you want to test in the Ui during the development process to catch the bug.
    1. some language are longer than english, so using the language !!!text format!!! to test if ui breaks with longer text.
    2. some language are taller than english letters, testing the alphabet of that language could test if line height fits.
    3. Some language like chinese requires a specifc encoding, so, write it, to test if utf-8 characters has properly encoding.

4. RTL, LTR 

    Some languages like arabic and hebrew is read from right to left, 

        1. using marigin-inline-start, intead of margin-left, it ensures when the mode switchs to RTL,
        the spacing automatically moving to the correct side.

        2. Mirror the UI, not just text, but also the back arrow, icons,  progress bar and sidebar must mirror in RTL mode.

        3. vertical expansion, some language have tallers characters, line height and container height must be flexible to prevent text clipping;


5. Date & cultral formatting
    1. using nrowser native Intl Api 
    Intl.DateTimeFormat, Intl.NumberFormat to handle locale-specific 
    formating without adding heavy libary weights.

    2. timezone management, 
    store the UTC time in the server, using the local time on the frontend.

    3. address & name complexity,
    Different countries have different addresses, the address format must be dynamic, 
    some countries do not have state or zip code. they use province and zipcode instead.



6. Scalable system,
    lazy loading and code spliting, you dont load japanese translation for german users.
    Dynamic import for the language pack.

    
