it should answers below question for each matrix.
1.The categories of performance matrix?
2. what are the popular performance matrix?
3. What it measure for Each performance matrix?
4. what are the good value for each matrix?
5. what are the good ways for improve each Matrix?

1.
Categories of measurements. 
    Each matrix belongs to.

    loading and Render speed:  LCP, FCP,

    Responsiveness: TBT, INP, 

    network: TTFB,

    Layout stability: CLS.

2. 3.
    LCP, the largest contentful paint, measures how long it takes for main content to appear.
    FCP, the first contentful paint, measures how long it takes for the first pixel to appear.
    TTFB, measure the network latency and server Responsiveness.
        If this is High, meaning backend, and CDN is the bottleneck

    TBT, the total blocking time, measures how much time your main thread is blocked by JS. 
        High TBT mean yours javascript bundle is too heavy.
    INP, measures how quickly your website responds to users' click or taps.


    CLS, measures that if your element jumps while loading.
   

4.
    LCP: largest contentful paint < 2.5S
    INP: interaction to next paint < 200ms
    CLS : cumulative layout shift < 0.1

5.
    ways to optimize the Each matrix

    LCP:
        1. Use preload attribute for link tag  or fetchpriority='high' for main element to tell the browser to load the asset with the highest priority.

        2. use CDN that closer to users physical address to improve the loading, this also improves the TTFB.

        3. Use Webp format and brottli to compress the image, which can shrink the size of images for 30%.

        4. Using SSR to render the page that are content heavy, the backend can send the full HTML, 
        and the browser can render the LCP element before it touches one line of javascript.
    
    INP & TBT 

        1. Use code spliting, dont send the entire app's JS in one main.js bundle. 
        Use dynamic lazy loading to load the code that are needed in current route.
    
        2.  Use webworker to do the heavy data processing. 
        This allow the main thread to handle scroll and clicks

        3. Debouncing and throttling. limit the high frequency event 
        such as window (resizing and scroll ) to prevent triggering expensive rerenders 60 times a second.

        4. Yield to main thread. Basically break the long javascript task into smaller chunks using setTimeout, 
        This allows the browser to sneak into an input response between gap of JS execution.

    CLS:
        The elements jump when browser does not know know how much space the your elements would take.

        1. use width and height for the img tag to reserve the space need for the image, and the text wont jump when the image arrives.
        2. never inserting content above the existing content. Ex. dont insert a header after your main content is loaded,
        if you have to do that, reserve that space.
        3. font preloading, use font-display: swap to preload your brand of font, so it would prevent flash of unstyled text, when custom font finally kicks in.


optimization level                       techniques                            impacted matrix

network                           HTTP/3, brottli, CDN                              LCP, TTFB
resource                          preload, priority hints, image format,             LCP, FCP          
parsing                            Defer/async JS, CSS minification,                 TBT, FCP
layout                            Aspect Ration, skeleton UI, font swap                 CLS
execution               webworker, code spliting, memorization,debounce/throttling     INP, TBT
                        yield to main thread/ setTimeout